What I have to do.
I have to catch everybody…
if they start to go over the cliff.
I mean. if they're running
and don't look where they're going…
I have to come out
from somewhere…
and catch them.
That's all I'd do all day.
WEAK HERO:
CLASS 2
You're a total lunatic.
You should understand me. Si-eun.
Why do you think you can't sleep well?
You said you keep having the same dream.
But you still don't want to tell me
what the dream is about?
A dream is just a dream.
Do the sleeping pills help?
Yes.
It doesn't seem like it.
But I'll tell your mother that they do.
Doctor.
Yes?
I think our time is up.
Look. I'll really kick it this time.
Are you okay?
Hey. what is it? This is crazy.
Hey. Yeon Si-eun.
Hey. move out of his way.
What was that?
I heard he transferred here
after killing a kid.
Even Choi Hyo-man chickened out.
He avoids him now.
He must be a fucking psychopath.
Hey. damn.
Yeon Si-eun.
Damn. be quiet!
Someone might get killed again.
Hey. let's go for a smoke.
Fuck this. It's too scary.
"I'D JUST BE
THE CATCHER IN THE RYE AND ALL."
THE CATCHER IN THE RYE
BY J.D. SALINGER
Jun-tae is totally fucked now.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't paying attention.
It was an accident.
Another delivery. Jun-tae? You're busy.
Fuck! Seo Jun-Tae!
Yes?
I asked for strawberry milk.
What?
You bitch.
I told you last week to switch it up!
Right.
Strawberry.
What's with that look?
Is it that hard?
Sorry. I got confused for a second.
I'll let it go just this once.
Got it?
Bring it in.
Sorry. I'll pay more attention next time.
That's it.
Bring me the goods later.
iPhones.
Beat it.
Go. fast delivery!
Go. Jun-tae!
11TH GRADE. CLASS 4 PHONE COLLECTION TABLE
YEON SI-EUN
"Yeon Si-eun."
TRANSFERRED LAST YEAR. DON'T TOUCH
Yeon Si-eun.
Hey…
What kind of phone do you have?
What?
Well. I mean…
I was wondering if you could tell me
the model of your phone.
Why?
I'm just curious…
WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF GO
EUNJANG BOARDROOM
Fuck. is that all?
The supply keeps shrinking. doesn't it?
Fuck.
Gentlemen. it seems that
there is a misunderstanding.
Okay? We're running a business here.
A business. yeah?
You all need to work your asses off
so I can protect your asses
here at Eunjang High.
However.
if your performance
keeps fucking dropping.
I can't protect you guys
from being bullied.
Team Leader. sir. can we have a look
at the ledger for today?
If you missed even one.
I'll beat you all to death today.
-The ledger.
-Five. Four.
Three. Two.
Well.
Team Leader. sir.
this looks very significant.
What does?
I mean. look here.
"Class 4. Yeon Si-eun. Don't touch."
Don't touch?
Why is that?
Well. the thing is.
when he transferred here.
you two almost got into a fight.
but the teacher walked in.
and that was it.
Then you said you'd handle him yourself.
and we shouldn't touch him.
Get to the point.
Yes. well. so…
You haven't taken
any action against him yet.
I thought if I took action myself.
it could cause a problem--
A problem?
-A problem. he says?
-Crazy asshole.
A problem?
That dumbass is really pushing
the wrong buttons.
-What kind of problem?
-It's not that.
When you say "problem" like that.
you mean you think
that prick would beat me?
-Is that it?
-No.
Don't fucking deny it!
You can guard?
Fuck. that was cool. Do it again.
Hold still.
That's what you thought this whole time?
That I'd lose? You fucking asshole.
Is that right? Huh?
Get up.
Yeah?
Look at this fucking kid.
He looks like a beggar.
You need to look sharp.
Fuck. Who did this to you?
Hi-yah!
Oh shit!
Team Leader.
I know you'll have Si-eun's phone
by the end of the day.
I will.
Good. Thank you.
Sir. the phones.
No announcements today.
so you can take them.
See you tomorrow.
Yes. see you.
It can't be helped.
This can't be helped.
12 - YEON SI-EUN
Get your phones. No announcements today.
Hey.
Yeah?
Have you seen my phone?
It's not there?
It's not.
Oh? Really?
That's really weird.
I mean.
how could this happen?
It's really gone.
Well. that's…
I just got them from the office.
I don't hand them out. You saw.
Everyone just takes theirs.
I don't touch
or go through anyone's phones.
There's no way I would steal one.
I'm not a thief or anything.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know what you're saying.
Anyway. I really don't know.
Okay.
Here's Yeon Si-eun's phone.
As expected. Team Leader.
Why did you wait to get told off?
You should've done this first.
You can clock out.
I'll pass the phone to Hyo-man.
-Okay.
-Get home safe. Jun-tae.
Thanks.
Take care.
I love you. Jun-tae.
Si-eun. did you find your phone?
Hey.
About your phone.
I thought about it.
I feel bad
because I'm partly responsible
for not looking after them well.
So if you plan on buying a new phone.
I'll pitch in some money.
This is the time to remain positive.
You just need to push forward.
In life. there are always things
that can't be helped.
What can't be helped?
Do you think I don't know?
You're just trying
to make yourself feel better.
That's really cowardly.
Cowardly?
Si-eun.
You didn't lose your phone on purpose
just to get a new one?
It's nice anyway.
I get to hang out with my son.
When you study abroad next semester.
we won't have much time together.
It could be tough at first.
but you'll soon get used to it.
Su-ho.
I still can't sleep.
I take sleeping pills.
but I still can't sleep.
While I can't sleep…
I wonder when you'll wake up.
A few days ago.
I called one of my classmates cowardly.
However…
I actually might be the cowardly one.
I wish…
everyone would leave me alone.
As if…
I wasn't there.
Let's just go.
-Why's he doing that on the stairs?
-You did a good job.
You're a real cutie. aren't you?
That's it. Hug me tightly.
My dear Jun-tae. how about a blind date?
Yeah. why don't you drink with us?
Good idea. Jun-tae has
a fucking huge one. you know.
Is that so?
Goodness! Our Jun-tae has a big one?
No way.
Let me feel that dick. okay?
Come here.
-Come on. man!
-Stop it!
Aren't we friends?
-Damn.
-Don't do that!
Hey. don't move!
Hey. don't try too hard.
Fucker. stay still!
Hold still. Look at this punk!
-He's blocking him quite well!
-Stop it!
This punk!
-It's gigantic!
-Don't!
-Jun-tae. what are you doing?
-Stop it!
Hey. wait!
Hey. Si-eun.
Hey.
Hey. punk!
Fuck. what are you doing standing there?
You're fucking scary.
Hey. I heard you lost your phone.
Phones go missing a lot these days.
Take good care of yours. Right. Jun-tae?
Yeah.
I have a lot of extras. Do you want one?
Say "please."
Move it. Get out of my way.
I don't want to.
His eyes might pop out.
Man. go on.
Hey. move over for him. Go.
Wow. look at that fucker's eyes.
You're letting him go?
Man. just leave the fucking loser alone.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to wake you.
I'm sorry.
Well…
Those are for you
because you sleep through lunch every day.
Take them. I don't need them.
Hey. I just…
I'm sorry.
I took your phone and gave it to Hyo-man.
but I really couldn't help it.
Yeon Si-eun.
Last time. you said…
that I was being cowardly.
I've thought a lot about it since then.
But I really don't know what I should do.
So?
Can you tell me?
How can I stop being a coward?
Why me?
There's no one else I can ask.
Please.
Do you know Newton's third law?
Without an action.
there won't be a reaction.
NEWTON'S LAWS OF MOTION
VICE PRESIDENT
Cheers!
Let's drink!
Hey. Hyo-man. Jun-tae isn't answering.
I heard he left early or something.
No fucking idea.
If Jun-tae doesn't answer. who's paying?
Fuck. and you call yourself men?
What's that?
What's what?
Fucking cool!
What a man!
I need to step out for a minute.
but keep partying.
I'm off.
-Where are you going?
-It's business.
-Isn't this great?
-Have fun.
-I'll take care of your girl.
-Fuck you.
Where's he going?
We're trying to join the Union.
If we do. we'll make a shitload of money.
Fuck! Why don't you fucking get it?
You go to Eunjang High.
so know your place and listen up.
Stop looking like that.
You fucking morons.
-Wow. he's loaded.
-A rich kid?
So fucking loaded.
Hey.
Does this suck?
If it fucking sucks. join the Union.
You fucking idiots live like this
because you go to Eunjang.
Get it together.
Fuck. I'd have transferred if I was you.
Don't look like that.
What is it?
Is Seong-je inside?
What?
I'm Choi Hyo-man from Eunjang.
I have a meeting with Seong-je.
Is he around?
-Right.
-He's here.
Yes. Seong-je is inside.
Thank you!
Hey.
Enjoy it while you can.
What? Is Eunjang really joining the Union?
Isn't Baku the top dog at Eunjang?
What's that punk up to?
Okay. I'll bring more next month.
Okay. beat it.
DAEHYEON HIGH. GANGHAK HIGH
Man. that's a lot.
Seong-je. It's me. Hyo-man.
Are you gaming?
Fucking idiots.
I said to just draw aggro.
Sorry. my bad.
This is why
I don't go on raids with newbies.
Speak.
It's about the phones.
I need until next week to get some more.
But if you can overlook that.
I think I can really bring in some profit.
And as we said.
if you could take care of Park Hu-min
when he's off suspension…
Next week?
Yeah. I'll definitely have
100 phones by next week.
I usually don't make mistakes like this.
Man!
Have the goods by next week.
Of course! You know I'm loyal.
These brats are playing gangsters.
How fucking scary.
These little shits deserve a beating.
What. is he a Gen Z gangster?
Fucking Gen Z.
What the hell? What the fuck do you want?
Fuck.
Seong-je. You're very busy. Sorry.
I'll get going.
Who the hell was that?
PRESIDENT CHOI
MISSED CALL: PRESIDENT CHOI
VICE PRESIDENT:
LOST YOUR MIND? YOU'RE DEAD
CHOI: SEE YOU TOMORROW LOL
Newton's third law.
For every action.
there is a reaction
with equivalent force
in the opposite direction.
Im Han-ul.
CLASS 1. IM HAN-UL
I'M SORRY. LOOK INSIDE
Kwon Ju…
Kwon Ju-ho.
Song Gi-wan…
Song Gi-wan.
Baek Seung-u. Do Jae-gyeong.
Mo Il-yeong.
Hong Seong-gwan.
Seo Jong-ho.
Kwak Byeong-min. Kim Hun-yeong.
Kim Jun-su.
11TH GRADE. CLASS 4
12 - YEON SI-EUN
You're overreacting. dumbass.
Let me see your phone.
You said you got it back.
Look here. Is this your phone?
It's mine. you fucking idiot.
-You're right.
-Jun-tae has gone crazy!
Why's that traitor acting
like he's on our side?
What's important is
he gave everyone's phones back.
Maybe he'll transfer.
Is Hyo-man here yet?
He's brutal when he loses his shit.
Jun-tae is dead. Seriously.
CLASS 4. YEON SI-EUN
I'M SORRY. LOOK INSIDE. THANK YOU
Who did this?
Answer me. you fucking assholes. Who?
Seo Jun-tae.
He went to every class this morning.
Move it. you assholes!
Seo Jun-tae!
Where is that asshole?
There.
For every good action.
a good reaction follows.
Jun-tae.
For every good action.
a good reaction follows.
Get over here.
Then I'll come to you.
Fucking asshole!
Hey.
Is it true?
You took the phones?
Yeah.
Aren't you cool?
Your guard is fucking tough!
Hey. you're looking good. Give it to me.
Fuck. Let it go.
Are you a dancing machine or what?
Block this. too. will you?
Nice shot!
A pancake mouth guard!
You should be obeying me like a dog.
Thanks to me.
you had an easy time at school.
Should I make you kill yourself. fucker?
You son of a bitch!
Hey. you piece of shit! Fucking asshole!
No matter what you fucking do.
nothing will fucking change. asshole!
You son of a bitch!
Hey. should we stop him?
Team Leader. sir?
-Stay out of it.
-We're almost done.
You're too loud.
What?
Don't cross the line.
Subtitle translation by: James Webb